## CSWP SharePoint Framework Webpart

The package contains a SharePoint Framework Content by Search Modern Webpart. The 'install' folder contains the SPPKG package that is ready to be deployed in your app catalog. The solution uses the O365 CDN. For more information on how to enable the CDN on your Tenant go to https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/spfx/web-parts/get-started/hosting-webpart-from-office-365-cdn

## Using the webpart

The CSWP webpart has 5 properties:

- Query: this is the query that is send to SharePoint. You can use KQL to compose your query.

- Maximum number of results: Maximum number of results the query should return and show in the webpart.

- Item Template: This is the HTML item template. You can reference managed properties by using the \_# ManagedProperty #\_ convention. For example: \_# Title #\_ is a placeholder for the Title managed property. You are not allowed to use JavaScript in your template.

- Control Template: This is the HTML Control template. The Control Template is the wrapper template of the items. You can influence where the items are generated by using the {items} placeholder within the control template HTML. You are not allowed to use JavaScript in your template.

- CSS Styles: Use this property to add CSS styles to the HTML of your templates. Theme colors are supported. So, for example you could use placeholders like: background-color: "[theme: themePrimary, default: #0078d7]". For more information on theme colors: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/spfx/use-theme-colors-in-your-customizations

- No Search Results Template: the HTML template that should be shown when there are no results. You are not allowed to use JavaScript in your template.
